A story, hard to believe
A face you think
You've only seen in your dreams
A strange and amazing story
That you wait to hear
At least once in your life
I want to dance a dance
That's frightening but also enchanting
I want to go
Wherever the tangled road leads me
A road with no start or end
This is not a dream
This is your imagination
This is the darkness under the light
Mess it all up
Everything you've believed in
You're not in a dream
This is your imagination
Pinch yourself
Take a step to whichever direction
Yesterday has never
Once existed anywhere
The surprising true face of this world
That exists behind what's visible
This is not a dream
This is your imagination
This is the darkness under the light
Mess it all up
Everything you've believed in
I'm not dreaming
It just all seems different
This is not a dream
This is your imagination
This is the darkness under the light
Mess it all up
Everything you've believed in
You're not in a dream
This is your imagination
Pinch yourself
Take a step to whichever direction
JI CHANG-WOOK
CHOI SUNG-EUN
HWANG IN-YOUP
DIRECTOR: KIM SEONG-YOON
DO YOU… BELIEVE IN MAGIC?
NA IL-DEUNG
ONLY TAKE AS MUCH AS YOU CAN EAT
PLEASE DO NOT WASTE FOOD
THE COLLEGE GATES ARE NARROW
BUT WE ARE SKINNY
HIRING PART-TIME STAFF
HOURS NEGOTIABLE
FIFTY THOUSAND WON
I always told myself
Not to cry
Even when I'm sad
Scared that someone might know
What I'm thinking
When it's all a lie
Someday in the future
Will I be happy
Like in a pretty fairy tale…
Will the smiles
Wiped out by pain
Come and hug me?
When that day comes
I wish I could see the love
That I have been so desperately
Searching for…
Without having to fall asleep
May we be together
Every single day…
Closer than the sound of my own breath…
Enduring was the easiest thing to do
Because I know that I can't have it
I wish someday
It will appear
In front of me
Please
RICE
TEMPORARILY CLOSED
Everything was always here
You couldn't see because you've forgotten
Your eyes sometimes deceive the world
Just because something is hidden
In the dark
Doesn't mean that it's gone
Turn on the lights
Choose the path not taken
No need to be afraid
Question everything that you're used to
Isn't it nice to see yourself
At the beginning?
You, without any scars
Or pain?
Fear is essentially
A shadow you grow within yourself
They are things
That may disappear in a second
Lift your head up when the road is blocked
Look at the sky
That doesn't need roads
Don't fall for the lies
That whisper and tell you to crouch
Those dead words of darkness
Must have hurt
But you are stronger now
Believe in yourself
Choose the way you want to go
You're already there
Pick the brightest smile and practice
Isn't it nice to see yourself
In this moment
Where no darkness
Can stop you
Now
Subtitle translation by: SC